all right got the old girl out of here
actually pretty good shape only problem
was a guy put it in really well look at
all that goof man I think did not want
to come out and this is typical 60s
forward application you know Mustangs
galaxies all those use this kind of
drop-in tank and you know back in the
day not a problem for a street car still
a good tank for a street car you know
lap belts were fine no headrests were
fine you know back in the day it was all
good but we're gonna push this thing
we're gonna go left hard we're gonna go
right hard we're gonna go forward hard
and gonna get some dangerous situations
yes
racing yes so what we want to do is
switch over to a fuel cell and the big
difference with the fuel cells it has a
bladder and so if you get a side impact
or any County impact in the old days it
would just shear the metal pour gas
everywhere catch on fire and I don't
have not a fun situation think about
where that tank is it's right on the
back where you're gonna either spin out
and crash into a wall get hit from
behind not the safest place to put a
fuel tank so a really good way to
upgrade your safety and we're going to
talk about some of the performance great
for packaging those so if you look
inside there's this cell foam and this
is going to basically baffle the gas
keep it from going back and forth it's a
nice easy light way to do it and it's
stuffed completely in there so it's
slowing down that slosh there's also a
lot of ways you can do baffling within
tanks like this as well now if you look
at the cab it's got a cool little splash
feature obviously here's your vent and
you've got your power coming in for your
for your pump yeah and this is a check
ball in here too so if you roll over
imagine that you know that splash guard
seals this off in the vents seals this
off now I'll show you where the pumper
resides here check out this little box
here's the pump goes down inside and
this is gonna keep fuel inside and I
have a really cool feature on this if
you flip it lift you see this little
check ball in there it's a little nine
little ball so you turn it left it's
letting gas into the box where the pump
is you turn it right it locks it off and
keeps the fuel from going out ya know
this whole assembly it's gonna drop
straight down in here through this big
opening right where the fuel is yeah
it's great now speaking of having fuel
at the pump this is a stealth from air
mode
if this is a 340 liter per hour pump
it's a huge amount of flow for this tiny
little guy
now we're going to put it inside the
fuel tank in the cell something that
you're normally not going to do you're
going to have a pickup tune you're going
to feed to some pump whether it's a
mechanical way on the other end or maybe
an electric pump on the rail getting it
in the fuel cell is really really
important especially as you're drawing
that much fuel you know as all
manufacturers Hot Rod guys racing
everybody has gone to the in tank poem
yeah and the reasons are you're pulling
a vacuum to get that fuel out of the
tank out of the pickup and to the pump
from there it's not a problem you're
pushing you're building a lot of
pressure to go forward that part's okay
it's pulling that vacuum well you're
lowering the pressure you're lowing
you know atmosphere or whatever and
you're lowering the boiling point so
you're going to cavitate and you're
going to vaporize a whole lot sooner not
good yeah also on return style fuel
systems you're sending a lot of fuel to
the front ready for a wide-open throttle
well when you're not you're sending a
lot of that back well it's getting
warmed up so your fuel is building heat
over time it's getting heat off the
pavement so you're getting closer that
boiling point from the other direction
so cavitation is a real easy thing to do
you hear a lot of guys complaining like
oh my pump overheated and it stopped but
after a while it cooled down and kept
pumping well you're probably cavitating
you're not cooling your pump you're
seizing it up bad deal sure not good or
your filters clogged not good either
what else is nice all that buzzing noise
it's in the game yeah remember the old
days
yeah not good it also keeps it nice and
cool so it's the best place to put your
palm it's gonna be a great setup so